hi everyone this is President
Barack Obama NASA's aura
satellite has been tracking
global pollution trends for the
past decade and its initial
findings have shown us a lot
about the state of our
atmosphere the satellite detects
gases like nitrogen dioxide ,
including from cars and power
plants
the data shows us that the
United States and Europe have
some of the highest emission
levels in the world but it also
shows us that over the last 25
years
nitrogen dioxide levels have
dropped by up to fifty percent
in both regions
thanks in large part to new
rules to protect our air at the
same time in China India and the
Middle East this pollution has
grown dramatically so imagery
like this can help us see what
actions are working and where we
need to focus additional
international efforts and it
proves that we all need to work
together to protect the one
planet we've got guys thanks for
watching dnews please take a
second and subscribe and also
watch President Obama on science
presents dnews every night this
week at nine eight central on
science channel or you can watch
them right here on our youtube
page